<div title="header">

  

</div>

**Artificial Intelligence (AI) Deployment Solutions**

  

<span style="font-weight: normal">After the industrial revolution,
information revolution changed the planet earth. But lot of data
generated during information revolution and several magnitude higher
data than the past to be generated in future due to advent of IoT
devices and 5G, necessitated that the data should be interpreted by
machines and not by human beings as it is simply beyond the human
capacity to interpret and consume this kind of enormous data. </span>

  

<span style="font-weight: normal">Artificial Intelligence is solution to
these kind of problema. We understand this and strive to provide
following AI deployment solutions to address some of the problems.
</span>

  

<span id="__DdeLink__52_3667599619"></span>
<span style="font-weight: normal">Our solutions are compatible with
ONNX, models trained by different AI research and training platforms
compatible with ONNX can be directly used with our solutions. To find
more details on ONNX, please visit:
</span><span style="font-variant: normal"><span style="letter-spacing: normal"><span style="font-style: normal"><span class="underline"><span style="font-weight: normal"><https://onnx.ai/>
</span></span></span></span></span>

  

<span style="font-weight: normal">Our team can also support clients in
training models with different AI research and training platforms
compatible with ONNX. For the moment we support Caffe only.</span>

  

**1. AI Deployment Software Library for iOS and Android**

  

**Compatibility:** ONNX, Apple ARKit, Google ARCore

  

**Application:** Augmented Reality

  

Extend capabilities of ARKit and ARCore with our solution. Real Life
Object Detection is supported by our solution apart from marker and
location based AR solutions provided by ARKit and ARCore. This solution
is highly optimized for ARM processor.

  

**2. AI Deployment Software Library for Edge**

  

**Compatibility:** ONNX, BeagleBone, RaspBerry Pi, Embedded FreeBSD and
Linux

**Application:** Edge Devices for IoT

Preprocess IoT data at edge devices to reduce latency and computational
loads at mobile phones and cloud. This solution is highly optimized for
ARM processor based edge devices and can be ported to other ARM based
edge devices than BeagleBone and RaspBerry Pi according to customer’s
requirements.

  

**3. AI Deployment Software Library for Cloud**

  

**Compatibility:** ONNX, J2EE, MQTT, Docker

  

**Application:** Enterprise AR & IoT

  

Our AI solution supports enterprise wide application of AI in IoT and
AR. Java (J2EE) applications around our solution can be build and
deployed at cloud according to customers requirements.

  

**4. AI Deployment IPCores for FPGA**

  

**Compatibility:** ONNX, Xilinx, Altera, ASIC

  

**Application:** Industrial Computer Vision, Edge Devices

  

In order to detect objects in Industrial Processes and at Conveyor
Belts, data generated by cameras, different kinds of photodiodes and
other sensors can be processed by our IPCores in real time according to
optimized and customized IPCores as per customers requirements. The
IPCores so optimized and customized can be deployed on Xilinx and Altera
FPGA platforms. Our sister concern Aimfin Consultants Pvt Ltd can
further optimize these IPCores for FPGA & ASIC and get these IPCores
converted into customized ASIC Semiconductor Chips if customer requires
further increase in speed and decrease in per deployment cost provided
the chips are purchased in
volumes.

  

<span id="__DdeLink__73_1980708141"></span><span id="__DdeLink__50_2679174470"></span>
**We provide time-limited non-commercial license for use of our AI
IPCores (With runtime limited to 1 hour from device power-on) free of
cost for academic or non-commercial users who work on our Priyatoonz
repositories based open source projects. Please visit our github account
(**<span lang="zxx"><span class="underline">[**https://github.com/DSP-Channel**](https://github.com/DSP-Channel)</span></span>**)
for more details on Priyatoonz Open Source Projects. Contact at**
<span lang="zxx"><span class="underline">[**charu@priyatooz.com**](mailto:charu@priyatooz.com)</span></span>
**for commercial and the non-commercial licenses and AI IPCores
downloads and visit**
<span lang="zxx"><span class="underline">[**www.priyatoonz.com**](http://www.priyatoonz.com/)</span></span>
**for more details. You may contact at**
<span lang="zxx"><span class="underline">[**cto@anasim.in**](mailto:cto@anasim.in)</span></span>
**for new AI Delpoyment IPCores and Software Library related development
work.**

  

  

*Marketing Rights: Priyatoonz Animation Pvt Ltd
(*<span lang="zxx"><span class="underline">[*www.priyatoonz.com*](http://www.priyatoonz.com/)</span></span>*)*

*Copy Rights: Aimfin Consultants Pvt Ltd
(*<span lang="zxx"><span class="underline">***https://github.com/DSP-Channel/DSP-and-Data-Science***</span></span>*)*

*Design & Development: Charu Kanzehr*

<div title="footer">

  

</div>
