::: {title="header"}
\
:::

**Artificial Intelligence (AI) Deployment Solutions**

\

[After the industrial revolution, information revolution changed the
planet earth. But lot of data generated during information revolution
and several magnitude higher data than the past to be generated in
future due to advent of IoT devices and 5G, necessitated that the data
should be interpreted by machines and not by human beings as it is
simply beyond the human capacity to interpret and consume this kind of
enormous data. ]{style="font-weight: normal"}

\

[Artificial Intelligence is solution to these kind of problema. We
understand this and strive to provide following AI deployment solutions
to address some of the problems. ]{style="font-weight: normal"}

\

[]{#__DdeLink__52_3667599619} [Our solutions are compatible with ONNX,
models trained by different AI research and training platforms
compatible with ONNX can be directly used with our solutions. To find
more details on ONNX, please visit:
]{style="font-weight: normal"}[[[[[<https://onnx.ai/>
]{style="font-weight: normal"}]{.underline}]{style="font-style: normal"}]{style="letter-spacing: normal"}]{style="font-variant: normal"}

\

[Our team can also support clients in training models with different AI
research and training platforms compatible with
ONNX.]{style="font-weight: normal"}

\

**1. AI Deployment Software Library for iOS and Android**

\

**Compatibility:** ONNX, Apple ARKit, Google ARCore

\

**Application:** Augmented Reality

\

Extend capabilities of ARKit and ARCore with our solution. Real Life
Object Detection is supported by our solution apart from marker and
location based AR solutions provided by ARKit and ARCore. This solution
is highly optimized for ARM processor.

\

**2. AI Deployment Software Library for Edge**

\

**Compatibility:** ONNX, BeagleBone, RaspBerry Pi, Embedded FreeBSD and
Linux

**Application:** Edge Devices for IoT

Preprocess IoT data at edge devices to reduce latency and computational
loads at mobile phones and cloud. This solution is highly optimized for
ARM processor based edge devices and can be ported to other ARM based
edge devices than BeagleBone and RaspBerry Pi according to customer's
requirements.

\

**3. AI Deployment Software Library for Cloud**

\

**Compatibility:** ONNX, J2EE, MQTT, Docker

\

**Application:** Enterprise AR & IoT

\

Our AI solution supports enterprise wide application of AI in IoT and
AR. Java (J2EE) applications around our solution can be build and
deployed at cloud according to customers requirements.

\

**4. AI Deployment IPCores for FPGA**

\

**Compatibility:** ONNX, Xilinx, Altera, ASIC

\

**Application:** Industrial Computer Vision, Edge Devices

\

In order to detect objects in Industrial Processes and at Conveyor
Belts, data generated by cameras, different kinds of photodiodes and
other sensors can be processed by our IPCores in real time according to
optimized and customized IPCores as per customers requirements. The
IPCores so optimized and customized can be deployed on Xilinx and Altera
FPGA platforms. Our sister concern Aimfin Consultants Pvt Ltd can
further optimize these IPCores for FPGA & ASIC and get these IPCores
converted into customized ASIC Semiconductor Chips if customer requires
further increase in speed and decrease in per deployment cost provided
the chips are purchased in volumes.

\

[]{#__DdeLink__50_2679174470} **We provide time-limited non-commercial
license for use of our AI IPCores (With runtime limited to 1 hour from
device power-on) free of cost for academic or non-commercial users who
work on our Priyatoonz** **repositories based** **open source projects.
Please visit our github account
(**[[[**https://github.com/DSP-Channel**](https://github.com/DSP-Channel)]{.underline}]{lang="zxx"}**)
for more details on Priyatoonz Open Source Projects. Contact at**
[[[**charu\@priyatooz.com**](mailto:charu@priyatooz.com)]{.underline}]{lang="zxx"}
**for commercial and the non-commercial licenses and AI IPCores
downloads and visit**
[[[**www.priyatoonz.com**](http://www.priyatoonz.com/)]{.underline}]{lang="zxx"}
**for more details. You may contact at**
[[[**cto\@anasim.in**](mailto:cto@anasim.in)]{.underline}]{lang="zxx"}
**for new AI Delpoyment IPCores and Software Library related development
work.**

\

\

*Marketing Rights: Priyatoonz Animation Pvt Ltd
(*[[[*www.priyatoonz.com*](http://www.priyatoonz.com/)]{.underline}]{lang="zxx"}*)*

*Copy Rights: Aimfin Consultants Pvt Ltd
(*[[[*www.anasim.in*](http://www.anasim.in/)]{.underline}]{lang="zxx"}*)*

*Design & Development: Charu Kanzehr*

::: {title="footer"}
\
:::
